hey there and welcome to don't be dumb
i'm josh clark thank you for joining me
have you ever heard that little George
Washington when he was a boy chop down
his father's cherry tree and when asked
if he had been the one to chop down his
father's cherry tree said something like
I cannot tell why
I definitely chopped down the cherry
tree well that may or may not be true
see that story first surfaced in a
biography of George Washington written
by a man named Mason Locke Weems and in
the original story Washington didn't
chop down his father's cherry tree he
merely scraped the bark off of it
because he had a new hatchet that he
wanted to try out and then the tree
later died because of lost too much bark
but historians say that that story isn't
true that Mason Locke weaves made it up
to show what an upstanding person George
Washington had always been
but George Washington's grand nephew
himself says he thinks it could be true
he says that there were cherry trees on
the land where George Washington grew up
and that he doesn't think it seems that
far-fetched that a boy like little
Georgie would scrape some bark off of
one of the cherry trees so in this case
no one really knows who's telling the
truth about whether George Washington
told the truth and Mason Locke Weems has
been shown to have made some of his
stories about Washington up so it's
possible that he was a fibber in this
case too but we don't know so the next
time somebody tells you that George
Washington chopped down his father's
cherry tree you set him straight and
tell him Josh sent you
thank you for joining me do you have a
suggestion for an episode of dumpy dumb
leave it in the comments below you can
also like this video or subscribe or
share it I don't care
you